Update Anypoint MQ Broker API working mechanism (#92)
mulesoft/docs-mq: modules/ROOT/pages/mq-faq.adoc

== Can I upload and retrieve Anypoint MQ messages in batches?

Using the Anypoint MQ Broker API, you can batch-upload and batch-retrieve messages from a standard or FIFO queue.
For information, see 
https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/portals/anypoint-platform/f1e97bc6-315a-4490-82a7-23abe036327a.anypoint-platform/anypoint-mq-broker/minor/1.0/console/summary/[Anypoint MQ Broker API].

You can upload or retrieve a maximum of 10 messages (default) in a single call.

For batch-retrieve operations, use the `batchSize` query parameter to specify the number of messages to retrieve.

> Anypoint Broker API doesn't guarantee the number of messages retrieved in a single call.

Reviewer: "Anypoint MQ Broker API" instead of "Anypoint Broker API"?

Reviewer 2: Oy! Good catch. Thank you! @GouthamiKondakindi

> Anypoint Broker API doesn't guarantee the number of messages retrieved in a single call.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Anypoint MQ Broker API doesn't guarantee the number of messages retrieved in a single call.
```

You can upload or retrieve a maximum of 10 messages (default) in a single call.

> For batch-retrieve operations, use the `batchSize` query parameter to specify the number of messages to retrieve. Anypoint Broker API can't guarantee it will retrieve 10 messages in a single call as it depends on underlying system's polling mechanism and availability.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For batch-retrieve operations, use the `batchSize` query parameter to specify the number of messages to retrieve.
Anypoint Broker API doesn't guarantee the number of messages retrieved in a single call.
For more information, see <<batchsize,Why do I receive fewer messages than my batch size when retrieving messages with the Anypoint MQ REST API?>>.
```
